0.  How many different colors does each format support?  
        JPG: 16.7 million colors, 24 bits; 
        GIF: 256 colors, 8 bits;
        PNG: 16.7 million colors, 24 bits;
        BMP: 4 billion colors, 32 bits
1.  Which of the formats support animation?
        Of all the formats, GIFs support animation. 
2.  what's the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
        With lossless compression, all of the data in a file can be restored after it is uncompressed.
        With lossy compression, a file's size is reduced by permanently eliminating information.
3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
        Of the formats, JPEG is lossy-compressed. 
4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
        Delete or erase commands do not actually remove the file's information from the hard disk. 
        Instead, the system modifies the filename's first character to signal that the file has been deleted.
        Then, the file's FAT clusters are moved to the hard drive's list of free cluster. 
        The actual file data is never touched; instead, the file's reference is removed from the directory. 
5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
        Physically destroying the drive, rendering it unusable
        Degaussing the drive to randomize the magnetic domains
        Overwriting the drive's data so that it cannot be recovered 
6.  What's stdint.h?
        
7.  What's the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?

8.  How many bytes is a byte, a dword, a long, and a word, respectively?

9.  What must the first two bytes of any BMP file be?

10. What's the difference between bfSize and biSize?

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?

12. What fied in BAPINFOHEADER specificies the BMP's color depth?

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is3?

16. What does fseek do?

17. What is SEEK_CUR?
18. TODO
